Oh
[Music]
when Rodman's spirit 31 first emerged in
2010 this was a shaft-driven mid-sized
cruiser that combined the brand's
traditional offshore strength the
greatest dialer modernity trouble was it
was a bit tight on internal space there
it's good to see that they're here at
the London Boat Show with an outboard
version of exactly that boat in order to
fit a pair of outboards on this model
there's a big cutaway in that that huge
extended swim platform so you lose about
a foot of the cockpit but impressively
they've managed to retain the sliding
curved art benches by configuring it in
three parts rather than two the second
major change here can be seen down below
you get the same master cabin in the V
of the bow you get the same head
compartment to starboard but where once
you have had inboard engines you now
have a full beam double forget in place
of the original single that used to
unfold up the third major change is
equally welcomed and that involves the
price just comes in at about 20,000
pounds less than the existing inboard
version of this cloak for out 15% less
and that makes this a very very tempting
package indeed
[Music]